1. The Controller upgrade gives access to some new structures: walls, ramparts, and extensions. We’ll discuss walls and ramparts in the next Tutorial section, for now let’s talk about extensions.
Extensions are required to build larger creeps. A creep with only one body part of one type works poorly. Giving it several WORKs will make him work proportionally faster.
However, such a creep will be costly and a lone spawn can only contain 300 energy units. To build creeps costing over 300 energy units you need spawn extensions.

Controller的升级使您可以访问一些新结构：墙壁，城墙和扩展。 我们将在下一个教程部分中讨论墙和城墙，现在让我们讨论一下扩展。
需要扩展才能建造更大的小兵。 一种只有一个身体部位的蠕变效果不佳。 进行几次工作会使他按比例更快地工作。
但是，这样的蠕变代价高昂，一个单独的生成只包含300个能量单位。 要建造花费300多个能量单位的小兵，您需要生成衍生物品。

2. The second Controller level has 5 extensions available for you to build. This number increases with each new level.
You can place extensions at any spot in your room, and a spawn can use them regardless of the distance. In this Tutorial we have already placed corresponding construction sites for your convenience.

第二个Controller级别具有5个扩展供您构建。 这个数字随着每个新级别而增加。
您可以将扩展名放置在房间的任何位置，无论距离多远，派生都可以使用它们。 在本教程中，为了您的方便，我们已经放置了相应的施工现场。

3. Let’s create a new creep whose purpose is to build structures. This process will be similar to the previous Tutorial sections. But this time let’s set memory for the new creep right in the method Spawn.spawnCreep by passing it in the third argument.
Spawn a creep with the body [WORK,CARRY,MOVE], the name Builder1, and {role:'builder'} as its memory.
Documentation:
StructureSpawn.spawnCreep

让我们创建一个新的蠕变，其目的是构建结构。 此过程将类似于前面的教程部分。 但这一次，我们通过在第三个参数中传递Spawn.spawnCreep方法，为新的蠕变设置内存。
使用身体[WORK，CARRY，MOVE]，名称Builder1和{role：'builder'}作为记忆来生成爬行生物。
说明文件：
StructureSpawn.spawnCreep

4. Our new creep won’t move until we define the behavior for the role builder.
在定义角色构建者的行为之前，我们的新工作不会动摇。

5. As before, let’s move this role into a separate module role.builder. The building is carried out by applying the method Creep.build to the construction sites searchable by Room.find(FIND_CONSTRUCTION_SITES). The structure requires energy which your creep can harvest on its own.
To avoid having the creep run back and forth too often but make it deplete the cargo, let’s complicate our logic by creating a new Boolean variable creep.memory.building which will tell the creep when to switch tasks. We'll also add new creep.say call and visualizePathStyle option to the moveTo method to visualize the creep's intentions.
Create the module role.builder with a behavior logic for a new creep.
Documentation:
RoomObject.room
Room.find
Creep.build
Creep.say

和以前一样，让我们将此角色移到单独的模块role.builder中。 通过将Creep.build方法应用于Room.find（FIND_CONSTRUCTION_SITES）可搜索的建筑工地来进行建筑。 结构需要能量，您的小兵可以自行收集能量。
为了避免蠕动来回频繁地运行，而使货物耗尽，让我们通过创建一个新的布尔变量蠕变.memory.building来使逻辑复杂化，该变量将告诉蠕动何时切换任务。 我们还将在moveTo方法中添加新的crawl.say调用和visualizePathStyle选项，以可视化渐变的意图。
使用行为逻辑创建模块role.builder进行新的蠕变。
说明文件：
RoomObject.room
找房间
蠕变构建
蠕变

6. Let’s create a call of the new role in the main module and wait for the result.
By using the module role.builder in the new creep, build all 5 extensions.
让我们在主模块中调用新角色，然后等待结果。
通过在新版本中使用模块role.builder，构建所有5个扩展。

7. Your extensions have been built. Now let’s learn to work with them.
您的扩展程序已构建。 现在，让我们学习与他们合作。

8. Maintaining extensions requires you to teach your harvesters to carry energy not just to a spawn but also to extensions. To do this, you can either use the Game.structures object or search within the room with the help of Room.find(FIND_STRUCTURES). In both cases, you will need to filter the list of items on the condition structure.structureType == STRUCTURE_EXTENSION (or, alternatively, structure instanceof StructureExtension) and also check them for energy load, as before.
Refine the logic in the module role.harvester.
Documentation:
Game.structures
Room.find
StructureExtension

维护扩展需要您教会收割机不仅将能量携带到生成中，还需要携带能量。 为此，您可以使用Game.structures对象，也可以在Room.find（FIND_STRUCTURES）的帮助下在房间内搜索。 在这两种情况下，您都将需要过滤条件structure.structureType == STRUCTURE_EXTENSION（或替代地，StructureExtension的结构实例）中的项目列表，并像以前一样检查它们的能量负荷。
完善模块role.harvester中的逻辑。
说明文件：
博弈结构
找房间
结构扩展

9. To know the total amount of energy in the room, you can use the property Room.energyAvailable. Let’s add the output of this property into the console in order to track it during the filling of extensions.
Fill all the 5 extensions and the spawn with energy.
Documentation:
Room.energyAvailable

要了解房间中的能源总量，可以使用属性Room.energyAvailable。 让我们将此属性的输出添加到控制台中，以便在扩展扩展期间跟踪它。
填充所有5个扩展，并在生成中充满能量。
说明文件：
房间能量可用

10. Excellent, all the structures are filled with energy. It’s time to build somebody large!
优秀，所有结构都充满能量。 是时候建立一个更大的人了！

11. In total, we have 550 energy units in our spawn and extensions. It is enough to build a creep with the body [WORK,WORK,WORK,WORK,CARRY,MOVE,MOVE]. This creep will work 4 times faster than a regular worker creep. Its body is heavier, so we’ll add another MOVE to it. However, two parts are still not enough to move it at the speed of a small fast creep which would require 4xMOVEs or building a road.
Spawn a creep with the body [WORK,WORK,WORK,CARRY,MOVE,MOVE], the name HarvesterBig, and harvester role.
总共产生550个能量单位。 用身体[WORK，WORK，WORK，WORK，WORK，CARRY，MOVE，MOVE]构造蠕变就足够了。 这种蠕变的工作速度比普通工人的蠕变快4倍。 它的身体较重，因此我们将向其添加另一个MOVE。 但是，两个零件仍不足以以小的快速蠕变的速度移动它，这需要4xMOVE或修筑一条道路。
与身体[WORK，WORK，WORK，CARRY，MOVE，MOVE]一起爬行，名称为HarvesterBig，并且具有收获器角色。

12. Building this creep took energy from all storages and completely drained them.
Now let’s select our creep and watch it work.
Click on the creep Harvester2.
建立这种蠕变会消耗所有存储中的能量，并完全耗尽它们。
现在，选择我们的小兵并观看它的工作。
单击蠕变收割机2。

13. As you can see on the right panel, this powerful creep harvests 8 energy units per tick. A few such creeps can completely drain an energy source before it refills thus giving your colony a maximum energy boost.
如您在右侧面板上看到的那样，这种强大的蠕变每滴答声收获8个能量单位。 一些这样的小怪可以在补充能量之前完全耗尽能量，从而为您的殖民地提供最大的能量提升。

14. Hence, by upgrading your Controller, constructing new extensions and more powerful creeps, you considerably improve the effectiveness of your colony work. Also, by replacing a lot of small creeps with fewer large ones, you save CPU resources on controlling them which is an important prerequisite to play in the online mode.
In the next section, we’ll talk about how to set up the automatic manufacturing of new creeps.
因此，通过升级Controller，构造新的扩展和更强大的功能，您可以大大提高殖民地工作的效率。 另外，通过用较少的大型蠕变替换许多小型蠕变，可以节省控制CPU的资源，这是在联机模式下播放的重要先决条件。
在下一节中，我们将讨论如何设置新的小兵的自动制造。